Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Five, six, seven, eight...
nine, 10.
I always know where I am
by the way the road looks.
Like I just know
that I've been here before.
I just know that I've been stuck here...
like this one fucking time before,
you know that?
Yeah.
There's not another road anywhere
that looks like this road.
I mean, exactly like this road.
It's one kind of place.
One of a kind.
Like someone's face.
Like a fucked-up face.
Where do you think you're running, man?
We're stuck here together, you shit.
Don't worry.
Everything's gonna be all right.
I know. It's okay.
I know, you're sorry. I know.
The cattle are prowlin'
The coyotes are howlin'
Way out where the doggies bawl
Where spurs are a-jinglin',
a cowboy is singin'
This lonesome cattle call
He rides in the saddle
till his day's work is done
And he rounds up the cattle each fall
Walt.
- Walt.
- Yeah, Mike?
You think, um, that you could
spot me 10 more dollars?
Ten dollars? What's the matter?
You can't get it from your dad?
My dad and I don't get along too well.
You know that, Walt.
We're not getting along
that well either now, are we?
No. We don't get along too well...
or else he wouldn't have gone out
and drowned himself at Boxcar Canyon.
- Again?
- Yeah.
He hit the water this time?
- He survived the first time. This time...
- Oh, God.
You're the only one I can ask.
You know that, Walt.
Please! I'll owe you a date.
How about that?
I'll owe you a date. Please.
Oh, God, crying tears. Hold on.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Don't worry.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Here. Now, mind the carpet. It's white.
Give me your shoes. Give me your shoes.
Mmm. Mmm.
Okay, just a sec.
Put these on...
so you don't make a mess.
I am so lucky.
I was born on April 4, 1944.
That's 4-4-44.
If you add that up, it comes to 16.
One, six.
One plus six is seven.
Luckiest number of all.
- You know your math.
- It's more than math, Mike.
It's...
immaculate perfection.
Oh.
Boy, this place is a mess.
Yeah, let's make it immaculate.
- Okay.
Deep night
Stars in the sky above
Moonlight
Lighting our place of love
Night winds
Seem to have gone to rest
Two eyes
Faster, little Dutch boy.
Harder.
Yeah, that sound. That sound.
Vow that you'll love me always
And be mine alone
- I'm all done.
- Deep night
And now, my lucky 44th...
little Dutch boy...
you must scrub...
Daddy Carroll.
This chick's living in a new car ad.
Feels like a dream.
A girl never picks me up,
much less a pretty, rich girl.
They don't? I don't know why that is.
This is a nice home.
- Do you live here?
- Yes.
I don't blame you.
Oh.
Hey.
What up, Scott? What up, Gary?
Hey, it's Mikey the dike.
You men make yourselves comfortable.
I'll be right back.
There are cokes in the refrigerator.
Help yourselves.
She's cool. She just likes to have three guys
'cause it takes her a while to get warmed up.
It's normal. Nothing kinky.
Yeah.
Hey, dude, did you get into that
Sinéad O'Connor concert last night?
- What? To... To the Sinéad...
- The chick with the bald head.
I-I've never been
to a concert before, dude.
This is nice.
Backyard.
Oh, shit.
He always does this.
I'm surprised he can exist like this.
How do we know he's okay?
Well, he's not dead. Listen.
He's not dead. He's just passed out.
It's a condition.
He really scared the shit
out of that lady.
What causes it? Sex?
Narcolepsy doctors are saying it's brought on
by certain chemical reactions in the brain.
Comes about in situations of stress.
Some hustler, huh?
Well, where are we gonna take him?
We can't just leave him here.
Come on, Mikey.
Hey, Mike, you stay here.
When you wake up, come back into town.
I'll be waiting for you.
You'll be safer here in this comfy
neighborhood than in the city.
I grew up in a neighborhood like this.
And my dad...
he has more fucking righteous gall...
than all the property
and people he lords over...
and those he also created...
like me, his son.
But I almost get sick thinking
that I am a son to him.
You know you have to be
as good as him to keep up.
You have to be able
to lift as big a weight.
to throw that weight as far...
or make as much money,
or be as heartless.
My dad doesn't know that I'm just a kid.
He thinks I'm a threat.
No, I won't listen!
I won't listen to you!
Hey, Scotty! Come on, you big stud!
When you wake up,
wipe the slugs off your face.
Get ready for a new day.
I never thought I could
make it as a real model.
You know, fashion-oriented modeling.
'Cause I'm better at full-body poses.
It's all right so long as the photographer
doesn't come on to you...
and expect something for nothing.
I'm trying to make a living.
I like to have a professional attitude.
Of course,
if the guy can pay me, hell yeah.
Here I am for him. I'll sell my ass.
Do it on the street
occasionally for cash.
Or I'll be on the cover of a book.
It's when you start doing things for free
that you start to grow wings.
Isn't that right, Mike?
- What?
- Wings, Michael.
You grow wings and become a fairy.
What do you care about money?
Shit, you got plenty of money.
Why don't you go ahead
and do whatever it is that you do...
I can only imagine what that is...
for free?
Is that right, sweetie?
So, how much is a lot of money, honey?
What are you doing on the cover
of that magazine? Slumming?
Actually, Mikey's right.
I am going to inherit money.
A lot of money.
Hi.
- What's happening?
- Nothing.
- You want a lift?
- A lift?
Yes.
Isn't this that, uh... that lady's car?
- What's her name?
- Alena.
- Is she a friend of yours?
- No, not really.
- She's a very good friend of mine.
- Good.
Any friend of Alena's
a good friend of mine.
- You want to be my friend?
- No.
My name is Hans.
I'm from Germany.
Now I live in America...
- selling pieces for cars.
- Mm-hmm.
- Say, why don't you get in?
- No.
I take you wherever you want to go.
- Where you want to go?
- Home.
- Get in the car.
- No.
This guy's a pervert. I can tell, man.
Why don't you go home? Go the fuck home.
How did we get home?
That German guy, Hans.
He brought you downtown.
You were passed out.
He said he was heading to Portland,
so I asked him for a ride.
For some reason, I'm forgetting
a German guy named Hans.
Well, you were sleeping.
So, how much do you make off me
when I'm asleep?
Just a ride, Mike.
I don't make anything.
What, you think I sell your body
while you're asleep?
No, Mike, I'm on your side.
Gary's up here somewhere.
He left about three days ago.
He flew up here with a...
hairdresser.
Exotic.
I heard something about Bob
coming up here to town. Is that true?
- You hear anything about that?
- Bob.
Bob.
I don't know. I hope he's in town.
- We'll have fun if Bob's in town.
- Yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing him.
Hey, didn't you two have like a...
I kind of remember you
having, like, this real heavy, uh...
- Thing?
- Thing. A heavy thing goin', right?
- Yeah, we had a real heavy thing going.
- Huh.
- He was fucking in love with me.
- That's what I thought.
- Yes.
- He taught me better than school did.
I love Bob more than my father.
I'd say I love Bob more
than my mother and my father.
Yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing him.
I'm... I'm hoping that he comes to town.
Hey, you dick!
Scotty, my friend.
Ah, you... Hey. You like that, huh?
You like that.
My new Nikes. My new bracelet.
It says Rudy, though, but that's cool.
My new Calvins.
What a dickhead.
So stupid.
Not when I'm eating.
Don't blow it in my face.
It's the smoking section.
Um, this guy books up
in a black Porsche around the corner.
Uh, I'm asking my friend if,
you know, this guy's okay, if he's cool.
They say... They say,
"Yeah, he'll treat you really good.
He'll, uh, you know...
He'll... He'll pay you what you want.
He'll, you know... He'll smoke weed with you.
He'll do whatever."
I hadn't dated before or tricked...
or done anything like that before,
so I went with this guy.
- Blew it off.
- Well... Uh...
"Let's go to... Let's go to the park.
Let's go to Washington Park."
So, I said, "Okay. That's cool.
Let's go to Washington Park then."
And, uh, all of a sudden,
before I know it...
I mean, I already laid down the law
before I got into the car.
I told him what I do
and what I don't do.
So, uh, we got up there, and he just
started doing whatever he wanted.
My first date was in Portland.
I was, um...
I was hanging out
at the City Club one night.
I was frying really hard
on acid and speed.
There was this big black guy
who had a lot of eight balls...
of speed and a lot of money.
And, uh, he wanted to get
his dick sucked.
And, uh, I was pretty broke,
and he offered me 60 bucks...
and a bunch of speed.
- So, I went up to his hotel...
- I guess you're just gonna starve.
What she's feeling sorry for herself for?
What's that all about?
So, the plan was, uh...
He was on the third floor.
So my buddy Scott would hang out
on the street on a bench down there.
When I got up to his room, I was gonna
toss the money out the window to Scott.
There's not fucking much I could do. I was
up in the... in the woods, in a thicket.
I couldn't get out or anything like that.
I wouldn't do what he wanted me to do.
So, he just kind of flipped out
all over me.
He basically raped me. He put
a fuckin' wine bottle up my butt, right?
It was, like... It was, like, horrible.
So, we get up there in the room,
and he, like, just...
He starts getting naked and jackin' off
and shit. And I start gettin' freaked out.
And I say,
"No, I don't want to do this date."
I say, "Let's go down to the street, and I'll
get the money back from my friend Scott.
And we'll just...
we'll cancel it, right?"
So, we go down to the street
to get the money back...
and Scott's, like, long gone, you know.
What's this? Ooh!
So we're hanging out, and I'm all, "Wait.
He'll be right back. Let's just wait for him."
So, we wait about five minutes,
and he starts telling me how he's gonna
kick my fuckin' ass and shit.
And how my friend's gone and how he's gonna
kill me and all this shit and beat me up.
So I had to go upstairs
and do the date anyway. And, um...
This black guy, he had
a big old fucking cock and shit.
And, um, it was this totally
awful experience, um...
And that was... that was my first date.
I never did another one until a year later.
Jesus. The things we've seen.
Do you remember a thing
since we moved from graffiti bridge?
No more of that, Budd.
Hey, Scotty! Here comes that fat guy!
- He owes me money!
- Who?
You know, the fat one, Pigeon!
"I think that I shall never see...
a poem as lovely as a tree."
Hey, everybody!
There goes Bob, the chiseler!
Here comes Bob, the sewer!
The thrasher!
I think my friends can see...
that I am back from Boise.
- And the listener!
- Hey, everybody, look!
- And more than that...
- Bob's back!
my real father.
- Is Jane Lightwork alive, Bob?
- She's alive, Budd.
- Is she holding on?
- Old. Old, Budd.
She must be old. She has no choice.
Here comes Santa Claus!
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
Jesus, the things we've seen.
Aren't I right, Bob? Aren't I right?
We have heard the chimes at midnight.
That we have. That we have.
In fact, Bob, we have.
Jesus. The things we've seen.
- Where's Bob?
- Crashed out in his room.
Snoring like a horse.
What did you get?
I think this is coke.
I'm not sure though.
Yeah, it's fucking coke.
Oh, fuck!
What the hell? Scott.
My true son.
- How are you? What time is it?
- What do you care?
Why, you wouldn't even look at a clock
unless hours were lines of coke...
dials looked like
the signs of gay bars...
or time itself was
a fair hustler in black leather.
Isn't that right, Bob?
There's no reason to know the time.
We are timeless.
Aren't you forgetting, Scotty, my boy...
the mayor's son, no less...
that we who steal...
do so at midnight?
Who ripped me off?
Budd! Budd!
- Yes, Bob?
- I fell asleep, and I've been robbed!
Jane!
You'd think I could keep
the peace of my house.
Jane! I know you well enough.
Bob! Bob, we'll find your drugs.
We'll find them.
This hotel is full of thieves, junkies!
You are the thief.
You have corrupted me, Scotty.
I was an innocent before I met you.
And now look at me,
just a little better than wicked.
- I used to be a virtuous man.
- Ha!
Well, virtuous enough.
I swore a little. I never gambled
more than seven times a week! Poker!
I never picked up a street boy
more than once a quarter.
- Of an hour!
- Of an hour.
Bad company has corrupted me.
I'll be darned if I haven't forgotten
what the inside of a church looks like.
I see a change for Bob to make.
From stealing... to preaching.
Stealing is my vocation, Scott.
- It's not a sin for a man...
- Hey, psst!
to labor at his vocation.
Very early tomorrow morning
there's gonna be a bunch...
of small-time rock-and-roll promoters
coming back from their gig.
And every night they walk home
with the loot.
They stop by the Grotto Bar.
It's about a half...
No, it's about mile
down the road from here.
Dude, if we can't steal from them
going into the bar...
dude, we can get them comin' out!
- See, Bob, dude?
- Not me.
So long as I don't know these
guys personally, it's okay with me.
See, uh... They're from Beaverton,
new to the business.
I'm not gonna go along with this crackpot
scheme, especially since Gary thought it up.
Come off it, Mike.
There is a better way to make a buck...
something to fall back on
other than your ass.
I'll fall back
when Scott inherits his money.
Bob, we don't need these guys.
We can do this ourself. Fuck them!
- Come on. I have a joke I want to play.
- Okay.
- A joke I can't pull off alone.
- Okay. I think that stuff was...
- Bob!
- Oh, my sweetheart.
- Come and rob with us tomorrow.
- I was going to anyway. I was just kidding.
- Good.
- Right? We'll have fun.
- All right.
- We'll be rich!
- Yeah, we'll be rich.
- We're gonna be rich.
- Gary says we'll be rich!
- We're gonna be rich!
We're gonna be rich.
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Budd? Budd. It's all right, Budd.
Budd, just... just relax, Budd.
Provide for us,
oh, great psychedelic papa!
Scotty!
When you inherit your fortune
on your 21st birthday...
Let's see. How far away is this?
One week away, Bob. Just one more week.
Let's not call ourselves robbers
but Diana's foresters...
gentlemen of the shade...
minions of the moon...
men of good government.
When I turn 21,
I don't want any more of this life.
My mother and father will be surprised
at the incredible change.
It will impress them more
when such a fuckup like me turns good...
than if I had been a good son all along.
All my bad behavior
I will throw away to pay a debt.
I will change when everybody
expects it the least.
You'll become a head-roller...
a hatchet man for your old man.
No!
You will be the hatchet man, Bob!
That will be your job.
And so there will rarely
be a job hatcheted.
It will all be just one endless party.
Won't it?
But at least my little friend
has offered me a job.
They're so good to me.
How long has it been, Bob,
since you could see your dick?
About four years, Scotty.
Four years of grief
blows a man up like a balloon.
- There's rock-and-roll money coming this way!
- And they're drunk as skunks!
All right. All right.
You four should head them off there.
We four? How many are walking with 'em?
- There's five of 'em.
- Five? Shouldn't they be robbing us?
All right. If they escape from you guys,
Mike and I will get 'em here.
Oh, eight feet of this muck's
like 30 yards of flat road...
Would you guys shut up?
Shut up! Pay attention.
- Squat down! Squat down!
- Squat down? You got a crane to lift me up?
- Where are our disguises?
- Right behind us.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
- Who are these jokers, man?
- Look like Rajneesh.
This one looks like
he's a little thirsty.
Up against the wall, you sully scumbags!
Don't shoot.
- Up against the wall.
- Come on! Come on!
- Don't shoot us.
- That's right.
- Fags.
- Okay, set the box down. That's right.
Thank you.
Nice and gently. Nice and gently.
Let's see what we have.
Yes, my baby doll. Ooh.
Tickets, anyone, for next week's show?
Scott and Mike have disappeared.
Could the shots have scared them away?
Maybe we should
get the hell out of here.
Are they such chickens?
Let's get the hell out of here!
The thieves scatter!
Bob Pigeon will sweat to death.
Has anyone seen my son?
It's been a full three months
since I last saw him.
Where is my son Scott?
- We don't know, sir.
- Ask around in old town.
Some of the taverns there.
Some say he frequently is seen down there
drinking with street denizens.
Some who they say even rob
our citizens and store owners.
I can't believe that such an effeminate boy
supports such friends.
Hey, Mikey, how long have I been here
on the streets on this crusade?
Huh. W-Well, I came back to town
around three and a half years ago...
and that's when I met you.
- So, it's been...
- It's been three years, Mike.
Yeah, almost four years.
That's a long time.
What I'm getting at, Mike,
is that we're still alive.
Yeah. Well, that's obvious, isn't it?
Yeah. It's incredibly obvious.
They could drop a big old bomb
on this city. Know what we would do?
Take shelter?
- This bike was caught with much ease, Mike.
- Yes.
And the reward for the joke
that we played last night...
will be the unbelievably huge lies
that Bob will come up with now.
A plague on all cowards!
What's up, Bob? Where have you been?
Where have I been?
If manhood's not forgotten on the face
of the earth, then I'm a shot herring.
You sit down, you little fuck.
A mayor's son.
If I jog you out of that right
and teach you to be a man...
your father would be as proud of me
as he would you, Scotty!
Why, you whoring round man.
What is the matter?
Are you not a coward? Answer that.
- And that goes double.
- You calling me a coward? You fat duck.
I'd give a thousand dollars
to be able to run as fast as you can.
- It'll never happen, Bob.
- Where's the money, Bob?
Where is it?
- Taken from us by 20 or 30 punks.
- Thirty?
I was struggling with a dozen of them.
I think my arm's broken from the fight.
Certainly a toe. Most definitely a rib.
- Let me tell you about it.
- Tell us about it, please.
- We four set upon a dozen of 'em.
- Sixteen, at least, Digger, my boy.
Yeah, and got their money. As we were
splitting it, 16 others set upon us.
Thank God you had not
murdered some of them.
Murdered?
Well, they are past praying for.
I peppered two of them.
- Two punks in leather jackets.
- What?
- I'll tell you, son. These four came in close.
- You said there were two...
Four! I said there were four, Scott.
Four.
These four came from the front,
kicking at me, pulling their knives.
And I whipped out the blade
and took all seven as a target, like this!
Seven! Just a second ago,
there were four.
- In leather?
- No, Bob, my friend.
There was four of 'em,
and they all had leather on.
Seven, by my count.
Leave him alone.
We shall have more soon.
As I was saying, these nine in the alleyway
that I told you about...
There's more already, I see. Nine?
Full force, and with thought,
seven of the 11 I pegged!
There are 11 now. He started with two.
But, as the devil would have it,
three of them came at my back.
They were wearing green.
And they had it out with me.
Because it was so dark, Scotty...
that you could not see your hand.
How could you see green
when it was so dark...
that you couldn't see your hand?
- Tell us the reason. Come on, Bob.
- Tell us!
- Come on, Bob!
- Tell us the reason, Bob!
- Tell us why.
- You can tell 'em. Go on and tell 'em.
- Upon compulsion?
- Come on, Bob.
Not for you or I or all the rest
of the world would I tell you...
on compulsion!
I will no longer be guilty of this sin!
This sanguine coward,
this horseback-breaker...
this huge hill of jelly!
Punk! You starfish!
Oh, for breath to utter
what lies of a tailor's yardstick!
You boot case! You vile punk!
Breathe a while, and then do it again.
But hear me out.
We two saw you four set upon five.
And, Bob...
you carried yourself away
at the slightest noise.
And roared for mercy. And ran and roared
as ever I heard a bull calf.
What trick, what device can you find...
to hide from this open
and apparent shame?
Yes.
What new trick
do you have for us now, Bob?
Good Lord, lads.
I know you as well as he that made you.
Do you think that I
would kill the heir apparent?
Do you think I would
turn on you, Scotty?
Why, you're our only ticket
out of this poverty and oppression.
I am as valued as Hercules.
But beware my instinct.
The lion will not touch the true heir.
Good Lord, lads...
I'm glad you have the money.
If we're looking for a fat man,
why don't we get one under the bridge?
Oh! Oh! The sheriff
and his posse are here.
Scotty, they've come to search
the house. Shall I let them in?
Call in the sheriff!
- God.
- Oh, God, what's that smell?
- Hey! Hey!
- There they are.
- Over there! Over there!
- Come here, you little shit!
Come here!
There he goes! In the door!
Baby, yeah.
Wait, wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait!
Aha! What have we here?
Pardon me, Mr. Favor. An informant
has followed certain men into this house.
- What men?
- One of them is well known, sir.
- A large fat man.
- Fat as butter.
Well, he's not here.
But if I see him...
I'll promise you that
I'll send him to you by...
dinnertime tomorrow...
to answer against any such charges.
So, would you leave us alone?
- You!
- Sorry for the interruption.
We have a message for you
from your father.
He'd like to see you
as soon as possible.
Fuck you.
I don't know whether it is God
trying to get back at me...
for something I have done, but...
your passing through life makes me certain
that you are marked...
and that heaven is punishing me
for my mistreatings.
When I got back from France
and set foot in Clark County...
and saw what your cousin, Bill Davis,
had done at his family's ranch...
I thought, by my soul...
he has more worthy interest to my estate
than you could hold a candle to.
And being no older than you are,
he organizes operations for state senators...
lobbies for the small businessman...
and has an ambitious five-year plan for
the forest that even I would like to support.
And then I have to think of you...
and what a degenerate you are.
Don't think that, Father.
You will find out it's not true.
And I hope that somebody
forgives the people...
that have swayed
your fond thoughts away from me.
For a time will come when I will
make this northern youth...
trade me his good deeds
for my indignities.
Bill Davis is my good cousin.
But even the slightest
worship of his time...
Dad...
I will die...
a hundred thousand deaths...
before that happens.
I wanna see my face
on the front of album covers.
I wanna produce my own music.
You know, I just... I just want
total control over my music.
I wanna engineer it. I wanna mix it.
You know, I wanna... I wanna get
my own say on opening bands.
Then I'd like to, like, stand in back
of bigger pictures of myself.
- That's good.
- And you?
I don't care.
Where should we go?
- To visit my brother.
- You have a brother?
Yeah, I've got a brother, man.
You know that.
Where is he?
Well, I'm thinking he should be
someplace in, uh, the potato state.
Idaho.
Shut up, Mike.
If I'd known it'd be this hard to start,
I wouldn't have stopped it at all.
I've been on this road before.
This is my road.
Looks like a fucked-up face.
Like it's saying, "Have a nice day"
or something.
See what I mean, Scott?
Scott, look.
Thanks.
What?
- You need some help with this, man?
- Shut up.
You shut up.
- You suck.
- Do you know anything about bikes?
Yeah, I-I've turned over a few.
Scott, man, where are you going?
Getting away from everything feels good.
Yeah, it does.
When I left home,
the maid asked me where I was off to.
I said, "Wherever, whatever.
Have a nice day."
You had a maid?
Yeah.
If I had a normal family
and a good upbringing...
then I would have been
a well-adjusted person.
Depends on what you call normal.
Yeah, it does.
Well, you know, normal, like...
like a mom and a dad...
and a dog and shit like that.
Normal. Normal.
So you didn't have a normal dog?
- No, I didn't have a dog.
- You didn't have a... a normal dad?
Didn't have a dog or... or...
or a normal dad anyway.
That's all right.
I don't feel sorry for myself.
I mean, I feel like I'm...
I feel like I'm, you know, well-adjusted.
What's a normal dad?
I don't know.
I'd like to talk with you.
I mean, I'd like
to really talk with you.
We're talking right now,
but, you know...
I don't know.
I... I don't feel like I can be...
I don't feel like I can be close to you.
I mean, we're close.
Right now we're close, but, I mean...
You know...
How close? I mean...
I don't know. Whatever.
What?
What do I mean to you?
What do you mean to me?
Mike, you're my best friend.
I know, man. And I... I know...
I know I'm your friend.
We're good friends. And it's good to be,
you know, good friends.
That's a good thing.
So?
So, I just...
That's okay.
We can be friends.
I only have sex with a guy for money.
Yeah, I know.
And two guys can't love each other.
Yeah.
Well, I... I don't know. I mean...
I mean, for me...
I could love someone even if I...
you know, wasn't paid for it.
I love you and...
you don't pay me.
- Mike.
- I really want to kiss you, man.
Good night, man.
I love you though.
You know that.
I do love you.
All right. Come here, Mike.
It's just like... Come on.
Just go to sleep. Come on.
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit! Oh, man!
Looks like this is it.
Can't get the bike started. Cops are coming.
Stuck in the middle of nowhere.
- Yeah?
- With a stolen bike. Yeah, Mike.
Looks like this is the end.
- Matter with your friend?
- I don't know.
I guess he doesn't like cops.
- Oh, yeah?
- That's how it looks.
What are you guys doing out here?
This cycle is one bitch
to turn over, man.
But I guess you don't know anything
about motorcycles, huh?
- You're not a motorcycle cop.
- I've turned over a few.
Wake up, Mikey. The heat's off.
Look, Mike, sandwiches.
Thanks, man.
Did I ever show you this picture
of you and Mom?
That was taken out by the institution.
We used to go out to that place
on the weekends to see 'em.
You were about one year old
at the time, I think.
I hated that fucking place.
Scott, how do you have a kid
this young in an institution?
- W-What does that mean?
- Why were you in an institution?
- Is that what you're askin' me?
- I'm asking you.
Because of Mom.
They didn't think she was safe.
But we were still a family.
Me, you...
and Mom.
- Where you going?
- Pisser.
Don't give me any of your shit.
Don't give me any of your shit!
- Dick! Dick!
- I don't wanna hear any of your shit!
- Don't talk to me like that!
Dick!
He's all right.
This happens every time we get together.
You want a drink? This?
You like those?
I paint 'em for a livin'.
Sometimes when they're finished, the people
don't send me the check, so I keep 'em.
I kinda like them hangin' around.
They keep me company.
Run free and sure
No man can take
This land from them
I want you to know the truth
about your mother.
I know the truth about my mother.
I mean the real truth.
- I know.
- You don't know.
You wanna go around through life
believing the lies?
Is that what you want?
Listen to me when I'm talking to you.
You know, she used to go out at night
and look for men when I was asleep.
She'd go out
to different bars, you know.
She'd shake her ass
at anybody that was interested.
That's how she met that guy from Reno...
that low-life, gamblin' cowboy fuck.
He worked at one of
those big casinos in Vegas.
He got fired for fuckin' with the cards.
He was a real scumbag.
But your mother loved him.
She loved him.
She had it in her head
that she wanted to marry this guy...
and go off with him and...
and have a little family...
with the house and the...
the white picket fence...
and the dog
and the fuckin' station wagon.
All that shit.
But he didn't want to marry her.
He didn't love her.
That's around the time
that you were born.
Now, she had a gun.
She used to have this gun.
It was a... a Smith & Wesson
.38 revolver.
And she loved this gun. She loved this gun.
She used to sleep with it.
She used to stir-fry the vegetables
with the loaded gun.
I remember, I used to say,
"Sharon, what're you doin'?
You stir-frying vegetables with the gun?
You're gonna blow a hole
through the frying pan."
So, one night she goes
to the drive-in movie...
with this cowboy fuck.
Jesus Christ. What... What the fuck
was the name of that movie now?
- It was a western.
- Rio Bravo?
Right, Rio Bravo.
It was a John Wayne movie.
During the movie...
she takes this gun,
sticks it in his mouth...
and blows his brains out.
Rio Bravo on the big screen.
John Wayne on his horse
ridin' through the desert.
Spilled popcorn all over the front seat
soakin' up the blood.
Oh, come on, man. How corny.
This is why she had to leave.
And that guy...
That guy is your real father.
Don't fuck me in the head anymore, man!
I know the fucking truth!
I know who my fucking real dad is!
Who is it? Who?
- Who?
- Dick, you!
Richard, you're my dad. I know that.
You know too much.
She doesn't want
to see me like this, man.
I got this from her, I don't know,
a few months ago.
Fuckin' got blood all over it.
Did you cut your hand?
Stupid.
"Dear honey, found a job in the lounge
of the Family Tree in Snake River.
If you're ever out this way,
look me up. Love, Mom."
"Rooms, phones, color TV.
Wall-to-wall carpeting,
and efficiently controlled electric heat...
combination tub and showers,
game table...
And two reading chairs,
with some connecting rooms."
It sounds so nice.
I wouldn't mind living here.
I'm gonna look her up, man.
Sharon. Sharon.
There was a Sharon who worked here
about a year ago, but she split.
Saved up all her money
and headed for Italy.
- To Italy?
- Yeah, Italy.
Took her forever to save any cash...
but, uh, she finally did it
and flew away.
Said she was lookin' for her family.
Guess she was Italian.
She didn't look Italian though.
She, uh, left us this address.
Sharon Waters, Via Casoli, Settevene...
R-Rome... Roma? Rome.
She's in Rome, Italy.
- There's that guy.
- What guy?
Guy who gave us a ride from Portland.
- Oh, yeah. What's his name?
- What's he doing here?
- I don't know. Is his name Hans? Hans?
- Hans.
That's it as usual. Thank you very much.
Scott. Mike.
- Hey.
- How nice to run into you boys.
- How have you been?
- Gut.
See you later.
407.
Mike?
- What?
- I'm extremely excited.
I just got in.
Could you please wait your turn?
But don't you want
anything to eat, Mike?
- We are ordering room service, yes?
- Room service?
Yeah. Uh, four orders
of large french fries...
extra crispy, and some Coke.
And that's all.
That makes four portion
of french fries...
very crispy, and a large Coke.
- Is that correct now, Mike?
- Ja. Ja. Ja.
Thank you very much, Mike. Thank you.
- Thank you.
- See you soon.
- What?
Yeah, right.
I must show you something.
My mother.
Heaven bless her soul.
She died seven years ago.
She's very beautiful.
I think so.
You want to see it?
She looks just like you.
Thank you.
Well, what do we have?
You know, before I was selling pieces...
for cars...
I was a performer.
Great time I had,
being on many stages...
Put it on.
- Yes? You like it? Okay.
- Yeah.
Let's make some room.
Put out the light.
Turn on the music.
- Oh, sitting on a bullet
Thinking of power
Every hour
Whoo!
Being in space
Controlling the world
With a different face
Face, face, face
Berlin
New York, Moscow
Tokyo
Well...
Thank you very much. Long time ago.
Well, tell me something.
How did you boys get so far? To Idaho?
I only left you in Portland
a couple of days ago, right?
We rode on our trusty motorcycle.
And what brings you
to this exciting Family Tree Inn?
- Business.
- Business?
Business.
What kind of business?
- We're selling motorcycles.
- Okay.
Let's go down, us...
for some... business, right?
Hello.
You know why I stopped you?
You was going too fast for this road.
For going too fast on this road,
I'm gonna give you a ticket.
A speeding ticket.
- You like your bike?
- Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm still gonna give you a ticket.
What's your name?
- Hans.
- Hans?
- Kline.
- Kline?
K-L-I...
Do you have any baggage?
Hans.
- Enjoy your flight.
- Thanks.
Mike! Mike, over here!
So, what did they want?
I told them to take care of you
while I got a taxi.
Mom?
Scusa.
Hi.
Is this your house?
- What?
- Um...
la tua casa?
No, this is my uncle's house...
but he's not here now.
Oh.
My name is Scott.
Scott.
- My name is Carmella.
- How do you do?
Um, how do you do?
I... Good.
Mom?
An American woman?
Yeah. Do you know her?
Yeah.
Um, but is not... is not true
that she lives here.
- It isn't true?
- No, she...
She left a long time ago.
Back to America.
Oh, shit.
Was she your friend?
Yeah. She lived here, and...
'cause I wanted to learn English...
she... she... she taught...
she taught it to me.
Oh. Well...
your English is very good.
Oh, this is my friend.
- This is Mike.
- Mike.
- Mike?
- Michael.
- Hi.
- Carmella.
- She knows your mom.
Really? Where?
No, she...
I'll be right back.
- Uh, Mike?
- Mom!
My mom's house was blue.
No, it was green.
It was green.
How could I forget that?
Da-da, da-da-da, da-dum
Da-dum, da-da-da, da-da-da
Thanks for comin'
all this way, though, man.
I'm ready to leave whenever you are.
What?
Grande.
- Tanta fame?
- Yeah.
- "Tanta" what?
- Tanta fame?
- Oh, yeah.
- You know what "fame" is?
- Hungry.
- Hungry. Hungry.
Sorry.
Bacio. Bacio.
- "Bacio"?
- Bacio.
This is bacio.
Yeah?
What is it?
It's nothing.
No? Okay.
- Come on.
- No. Stay, please.
- All right.
- Look.
There is a castagna here inside.
- "La castagna"?
- Castagna.
Castagna.
La castagna.
Know what it's for?
Eh, if... If they were bigger,
you could eat.
If they're bigger.
I understand.
- Do you?
- Yes.
I know how you feel.
I think I fall in love.
I'm gonna take a little time off.
You know...
maybe I'll run into you down the road.
There's some cash.
That's your share from the bike.
I fell in love, Mike.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry
we didn't find your mom.
Scott.
What?
- Tuo fisico.
- "Tuo fisico"?
Bravo, così.
Signore. Signore.
Wake up. We are in the Portland Airport.
We're here. Whoa.
Whoa.
Please extinguish cigarettes. Thank you.
Oh, man. Where were you?
Forty D's?
So, how's your wife?
You're not very talkative tonight, man.
That's cool.
Where we goin'?
That should just about do it.
Man alive, there's nothing better...
than a hamburger grilled to perfection.
Cool, man.
Your burgers are getting cold, g...
Holy Moly!
Bob!
Hey, Bob.
¿Qué pasa, man?
I bring great tidings and much joy.
George, what blew you in?
Remember that rotgut shit we used to
drink on the streets... the wino wine?
Well, I got three jugs
hidden in a bush on 82nd.
We're talkin' hard-core fun, man.
All we need to do
is put a ride together to the bush...
and we're in business.
I'm afraid if I shared your wine...
I might catch this awful disease
you appear to have.
My jacket would grow little zippers
all over it...
and my toes would have jingle bells
on them like those there.
Bob, chill out.
Is it true that you're the greatest man
on the street, that you own the street?
That is correct.
Well, then you can get us
a ride to see God. Do it.
If it isn't Scotty Favor himself.
Dressed in a three-piece suit,
looking every bit a gentleman!
- Who, man?
- Scott Favor.
He's run headlong into his inheritance.
George, Budd...
Mike.
We have waited for this day to come.
Scotty, I haven't seen you
in a dog's age.
You're lookin' well. So grown up.
Scotty, I'd like you
to meet Tiger Warren.
He's with Muchísimo Más restaurants.
- Tiger, Scotty Favor.
- Jack Favor's son?
Hello, I'm pleased to meet you.
Awfully sorry about your father.
It's really all right.
The, uh, family is taking it very hard...
but we live on with his memory.
Scott, you ever considered
a political career?
Come, George. Watch this.
You'll see the reception that I get.
Hey, you guys, look at this.
It's true, we're drawing
attention to ourselves, but...
Scotty will witness
that I'm dying to see him...
and it won't matter how we're dressed.
God save you!
God save you, my sweet boy.
Scotty, my own true friend!
I mean you, Scotty. It's me, Bob!
I don't know you, old man.
Please leave me alone.
When I was young
and you were my street tutor...
an instigator for my bad behavior,
I was planning a change.
There was a time when I had
the need to learn from you...
my former and psychedelic teacher.
And although I love you more dearly
than my dead father...
I have to turn away.
Now that I have,
and until I change back...
don't come near me.
O-U-T. Out.
God.
G-God!
God?
Pigeon.
Scott Favor broke his heart.
Sure is quiet.
He's either in heaven or hell now.
Be sure it isn't to hell.
He's tried to be an honest sort.
I'm the one who heard him
cry out last night.
He said, "God, God, God"...
three or four times.
And when I got there, I put my hand
into the bed and felt his feet.
And they were cold as stones.
And I checked the rest of his body...
and it, too, was as cold as stone.
In the name of the Father,
and of the Son...
and of the Holy Ghost, amen.
"'I am the resurrection and the life,'
sayeth the Lord.
'He that believeth in me,
though he were dead, yet shall he live.
And whoever liveth
and believeth in me shall never die.'
Lay not up for yourselves
treasures upon earth...
where moths and rust do corrupt
and where thieves break through and steal.
But lay up for yourselves
treasures in heaven...
where neither moth nor rust corrupt...
and where thieves do not
break through and steal.
For where your treasure is,
there shall your heart be also.
I know that my redeemer liveth...
Whom I shall see for myself
and mine eyes shall behold.
Be not deceived. God is not mocked.
For whatsoever a man soweth,
that shall he also reap.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob
Bob-Bob-Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob-Bob
For he that soweth to his flesh,
shall of the flesh reap corruption.
Bob, Bob-Bob
Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
But he that soweth to the Spirit
shall of the Spirit...
reap life everlasting.
And let us not be weary in well-doing,
for in due season...
Bob! Bob! Bob!
And their going from us
to be utter destruction."
Bob! Bob! Bob!
George!
I'm a connoisseur of roads.
Been tasting roads my whole life.
This road...
will never end.
It probably goes...
all around...
the world.
When I first came to London
I was only 16
With a fiver in my pocket
And my old dancing bag
I went down to the dilly
To check out the scene
But I soon ended up
upon the old main drag
Where the he-males and the she-males
Paraded in style
And the old man with the money
would flash you a smile
In the dark of an alley
you would work for a five
For a swift one off the wrist
down on the old main drag
In the cold winter nights
the old town it was chill
But there were boys in the cafés
Who'd give you cheap pills
If you didn't have the money
You'd cajole and you'd beg
There was always lots of Tuinal
On the old main drag
One evening as I was lying
Down in Leicester Square
I was picked up by the coppers
And kicked in the balls
Between the metal doors at Vine Street
I was beaten and mauled
And they ruined my good looks
For the old main drag
In the tube station
The old ones who were on the way out
Would dribble and vomit
And grovel and shout
And the coppers would come along
And push them about
And I wished I could escape from
The old main drag
And now I am lying here
I have had too much booze
I've been spat on and shat on
And raped and abused
I know that I am dying
and I wish I could beg
For some money to take me
from the old main drag
Deep night
Stars in the sky above
Moonlight
Lighting our place of love
Night winds
Seem to have gone to rest
Two eyes
Brightly with love are gleaming
Come to my arms, my dear one
My sweetheart, my own
Vow that you'll love me always
And be mine alone
Deep night
Whispering trees above
Kind night
Bringing you nearer, dearer and dearer
Deep night
Deep in the arms
Of love
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org